Trash can versioning option for deletes only (#930)
syncthing/docs: users/versioning.rst

they have been in the trash can that long.  Setting this to zero prevents any
files from being removed from the trash can automatically.

Another :opt:`configuration option <option:: folder.versioning.params.archiveDeletedOnly>` 
is available to archive only the deleted files, as opposed to normal Trash can versioning

> which archives all modified, renamed and deleted file. This is a light weight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which archives all modified, renamed and deleted files. This is a lightweight
```

    The number of days to keep files in the versions folder.  Zero means to keep
    forever.  Older elements encountered during cleanup are removed.

.. option:: folder.versioning.params.archiveDeletedOnly

    When this option is enabled it archives only deleted files. 

>     Modified or Renamed files are not archieved and hence, deleted permanently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Modified or renamed files are not archived, and hence, deleted normally. 
```
